Add javascript snippets with documentation (#5)
common-workflow-library/cwl-patterns: README.md

[Here](port-matching/workflow-value-from.cwl) is the same workflow with
`valueFrom` added to make the port types match.

## Some commonly used Javascript expression tools
You can tailor the input/output types to your situation.

### Flatten a nested array into an array

> [This](javascript_snippets/flatten-nestedarray.cwl) tool flattens an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[flatten-nestedarray.cwl](javascript_snippets/flatten-nestedarray.cwl) shows how to flatten an
```
I find using the name of the file in the text to be more readable in the rendered version. Can you switch to this style everywhere?
